attach links in her how do you do
Which
messages ask how do you make ribbons
stuck in hair if you have four for example
strands
is going to braid I always use one
clip for but that has to do with it
is already has very thin hair or
very fine hair anyway and
rubber bands here like a bump
the hair so I do n't like it so
I use myself
person water group clamp but you
can also use my rubber band and I will do it
just on the show ok ok I am going now
so attach the ribbon
then we go from I 4
would make strands but braid it
principle is also with a 5 6 7 8 9 10
strands braid actually the same
the piece I want to braid is
this piece about
So here I want to braid this and this
I then divide into three because one piece
so becomes the ribbon instead of her
so we have these two strands I have
well then take the ribbon
I will fix that here
so also so stuck so and I set this up
the
i start from above the braid is a 2
this will be the 3rd string and here I have
tom a4 the fight
this actually puts this at the second
I strengthen that as 3rd string with
a clip
now I get modern string here again
up
I don't need this and so I go
just
i want to give you what you should do if
you delete flights now it is whole
loose hold moment that you now to this
ribbon you are going to pull
well then you know what happened and red
ribbon look like this
So I'm here under here am I
she once again on few strokes
then the ribbon is stuck
in between you no longer have the problem
I'm going over this again means me
here again should normally be there
to get a hold of things
so
and now I'm going again so this is over
here goes below
ribbon is pretty good place at
Below
need to go over that one more time you go
about it
means that he must underneath then grab
Now a bit by
you'll see the link as long as you get there
not too hard just pulls in the clamp
stuck
I'm now not quite sat a
another video of how you are with four
strands braid only one for you
specifically blind you are stuck so then
again
now you actually want two as the
braid is finished then you want of course
not that it stays that way
you stand to loose and you will see that here
a piece is left when the braid is finished
can i tell you this is a whole
piece has been pulled down
but suppose you have a very small piece
as braids as I do now in this case
then you just can or something else and
then you just pull it a little bit
through the braid so that you are a little tight
gets stuck
move one of the ribbons below and
you would also just take this to
being able to fold underneath came on longer
then let the women speak to women
of course two hands to do this
then you fold it down and then it is
which is also hidden or you just pull
to gently pull some ribbon again
until it is hidden or you fold
just look at him as I just showed
inside
so this is one way and another
when it is finished, of course
slightly different hair than a human
so then it is actually not quite
as humans will look like
but the principle is the same she takes
honor those locks that you want to flee with
three strands would have to go to this
be it actually only the top
two needed the bottom I will come soon
up again and I'll just do this now
forward and fasten an elastic band
sit around my little finger
in a minute and this is easier
to do if you are with two
twister if you use the double ribbon
I find it difficult to handle this myself
rubber band here to fasten this ribbon
make it possible you can do it with one
button you can attach to it
so then turn it around and then you have
ankle
so that is how it could cut this
wonder if you choose to double it
double in work and what looks like
really just to get through it
pull and pull you are absolutely right
2 equal pieces have let you quickly
so just with double ribbon and then hoof
I don't make a knot here it plays
also a chat corner itself then hear
you gotta get it here so comes the ribbon
behind so I need this piece
about to enter the rubber band
to do
harder by turning over more times
ring stuffed a big as I am now so in
doing sso therefore gets a bump in it
her
so press ribbon to it as well
I put on the rubber band and the rubber band
in the hair
now, of course, it is also candy
divide these two strands into two
this will be my 3rd strand this this piece
off the ribbon I stop at the second
strict and then blind and then last
strict
so now i can start again
but this is always third she must be here
what he's jumping over here
below and over
one more time on talking about going
he comes back here when you go in
braids would be a piece for us
but the go now works just because
ribbon that is stuck so one sees that you
now nothing to process and so that you
can continue to flee
without loosening the ribbon because it sits
of course much firmer in the hair
so you have thicker hair or work
with deeper hair
then this is an excellent option so
also easier than that with a
clip works but for girls that
his young so thin hair have been
the other option with the clip
yes I find it more beautiful myself
so these are my two options to
would of course work for this clamp
for this clamp are of course also
just be able to use a hairpin
only then it will be less secure
but you could also pin chicken for example
and then it works too
these are my ways to make a ribbon
Fasten in hair maybe you have
a good tip yourself
please leave it below
gladly trip back sunday for new
hairstyle
and next Wednesday we have again
a new tip thanks for looking
no don't subscribe i like a thumbs up
do it up
a little bit